Glory to Ukraine, this video will not be about chat
roulette, not about Russians, not about the war, this
video is about Ukrainian students
. Six years ago, I created a group that
prepares children for programming Olympiads,
both All-Ukrainian and various
international.
My students have already won gold at the
European Junior Olympiad at the
European  girls' Olympiads at some
international Olympiads And in fact, the
most
prestigious Olympiad for schoolchildren in the
world
i.ua International Olympiad in Informatics,
which is held once a year, representatives of
each country in the composition of four people
participate, and this year two of my
students, that is, two of the four
representatives of Ukraine, have recently ended.  the students of my
algorithm club,
whom I taught, whom I basically
raised from the first lines of code,
and I am happy, I am happy because
they
came from the international Olympiad with
awards Vladyslav Denysiuk, an 11th-grader
from Khmelnytskyi received a
silver medal at the international Olympiad in
computer science and Darina  Karpenko,
tenth grader from  Khmelnytskyi received a
bronze medal at the
International Olympiad in Informatics
[music]
Russia, because of its war, took away from me the
opportunity to
visit this Olympiad to be with my
pupils because I could not devote
so much time to these trips and had to be here to
perform some other
more necessary tasks, but I  I am
happy that despite the fact that
they want to
tame us, they want to destroy us, we
remain a great indomitable nation and
our children can show great
results On the world stage
If you have any children who are interested in
mathematics Yes,
logic, logical problems, mathematical
problems may have participated tried
in various  urban regional mathematics olympiads
advise them club algorithm
link in the description Maybe they will be the
next champions because I am looking for
talented children in order to
realize their potential and to realize
their potential as a teacher as a coach
so that our Ukraine is
realized through the young generation of
Slavs  and Ukraine We will win